c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Tasks.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Maps.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Places.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\CHARE_System.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\CHARE_System.pdb
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\CHARE_System.CHARE_System.apk
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\CHARE_System.CHARE_System-Signed.apk
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Maps.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Places.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Tasks.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\CHARE_System.dll
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\CHARE_System.pdb
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\android\bin\CHARE_System.CHARE_System.apk
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\layout\signup.xml
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\layout\login.xml
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\angle2.xml
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\background.png
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\bag.png
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\circleangle.xml
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img.jpg
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\immaclogo.png
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\left.png
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\logo.png
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\pasword.png
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\profilebackground.png
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\timg.png
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\user.png
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\angle.xml
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\weikei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\WeiKei\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\layout\tripconfirmation_1.xml
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\CHARE_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\WeiKei\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\layout\tripconfirmation_2.xml
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\right_arrow2.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\right_arrow_small.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\layout\test.xml
C:\Users\WeiKei\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\AndroidSwitchBackport.dll
C:\Users\WeiKei\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\BetterPickers.dll
C:\Users\WeiKei\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\NineOldAndroids.dll
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\layout\daypickerdialog.xml
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\toggle_fri.xml
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\toggle_mon.xml
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\toggle_sat.xml
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\toggle_sun.xml
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\toggle_thu.xml
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\toggle_tue.xml
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\toggle_wed.xml
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\fri_off.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\fri_on.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\mon_off.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\mon_on.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\sat_off.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\sat_on.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\sun_off.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\sun_on.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\thu_off.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\thu_on.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tue_off.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tue_on.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\wed_off.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\res\drawable\wed_on.png
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\bin\Debug\CHARE_System.dll.mdb
C:\Users\WeiKei\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CHARE_System\CHARE_System\obj\Debug\android\assets\CHARE_System.dll.mdb
